[Music]
in 1926 British wizard and Majnu ologist
Newt Scamander arrives by ship to New
York enroute to Arizona he encounters
Mary Lou barebone a non-magical woman or
no match for short who heads the New
Salem philanthropic society as newt
listens to her speech about how witches
and wizards are real and dangerous
enough leur escaped from newts magically
expanded suitcase which houses various
magical creatures as new attempts to
capture the new fleur he meets Nomad
cannery worker and aspiring Baker Jacob
Kowalski and they unwittingly swap
suitcases demoted Aurora tina goldstein
arrests newt for the chaos caused by the
nibbler and takes him to the magical
congress of the united states of america
headquarters
hoping to regain her former position
however as Jacob suitcase contains only
baked goods Newt is released at Jacobs
apartment several creatures escape from
Newt suitcase after Tina and Newt find
Jacob and the suitcase Tina takes them
to her apartment and introduces them to
Queenie
her sister Jacob and Queenie are
mutually attracted though American
wizards are forbidden to marry or even
meet no Maja's new takes Jacob inside as
magically expanded suitcase where Jacob
encounters are contained obscurus a
parasite that develops inside magically
gifted children if they suppress their
magical abilities Newt extracted it from
a young girl who died that was afflicted
rarely live past the age of 10 new
persuades Jacob to help search for the
missing creatures after recapturing two
of the three escaped beasts tina returns
the suitcase to Mikasa officials arrest
them believing one of newts beasts to be
responsible for killing senator Henry
Shaw jr. director of magical security
Percival graves accuses Newt of
conspiring with the infamous Dark Wizard
Gellert Grindelwald and decides to
destroy nuke suitcase and erase Jacobs
recent memories of magic new and tina
sentenced immediate death and secret but
Queenie and Jacob rescue them and they
escape after retrieving Newt suitcase
following a tip from Tina's old goblin
informant gnar lack the foursome find
and recapture the last of the escaped
creatures meanwhile graves approaches
Mary Lou's adopted son credence and
offers to freedom from his abusive
mother in exchange graves wants credence
defined in obscurus which he believes
has caused the mysterious destructive
incidents around the city credence finds
a wand under his adopted sister
modesty's bed Mary Lou assumes the disk
readings as wand but modesty says it is
hers when modesty is about to be
punished
the obscurus kills Mary Lou and her
his daughter chastity graves arrives and
after Creedence leads him to modesty
whom he assumes as the bisk heiresses
host he dismisses credence as being a
squib and refuses to teach him magic
credence reveals he's the real host
having lived longer than any other host
due to the intensity of his magic in a
fit of rage credence transforms and
attacks the city Newt finds credence
hiding in a subway tunnel but he is
attacked by graves Tina who knows
credence arrives and attempts to calm
him while Graves tries to convince
credence to listen to him as credence
begins to settle back into human form
Aurora's arrive and apparently
disintegrate him to protect the magical
society however a tiny obscurest
fragment escapes graves admits to
unleashing the obscurus to expose the
magical community to no Maja's and
framing Newt for it and angrily claims
that makuu's it protects the no Maja's
more than themselves as the president
orders the aurorus to apprehend graves
he attacks and begins to defeat all of
them after being subdued by one of newts
beasts he is revealed as Gellert
Grindelwald in disguise and is taken
into custody
makuu safir's their secret world has
been exposed but Newt releases his
Thunderbird Frank to disperse a potion
as rain fall over the city that erases
all New Yorkers recent memories asthma
Cuza Wizards repair the destruction
queenie kisses jacob goodbye as the rain
erases her memories newt departs for
europe but promises to return and visit
tina when his book is finished
he also anonymously leaves jacob a case
of silver alchemy eggshells to fund his
bakery his breads and pastries are
subconsciously inspired by nudes
creatures and Queenie visits him in his
shop